Adding documentation for Varnish Theme and Getting Started with Varnish (#57)
allenai/varnish-mui: docs/data/material/varnish/varnish-getting-started/varnish-getting-started.md

---
title: Varnish - Getting Started
githubLabel: 'varnish: getting-started'
---

# Getting Started

<p class="description">Getting Started with Varnish2</p>

## Note About Versions

> Older [documentation on Varnish-Deprecated](https://varnish-deprecated.allenai.org/components/table/) and [documentation on Varnish-1](https://varnish.allenai.org/components/getting_started) is still availiable. But, you should upgrade to varnish2, and if you’re not sure how, contact REVIZ.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Older [documentation on Varnish-Deprecated](https://varnish-deprecated.allenai.org/components/table/) and [documentation on Varnish-1](https://varnish.allenai.org/components/getting_started) is still availiable. All new applications should be using varnish 2.  Upgrading older applications is non trivial. contact REVIZ if you feel this should happen.
```
